Are you ready to start your company? You have
developed a business plan for a company, Aquasail.
It will build high end sailboats. You are a longtime
sailor yourself, so you have a deep understanding
of the requirements of sailboat owners. Your
business plan suggests there is a real demand for
the type of sailboats you aim to build. You will mainly
assemble the boats using parts that are readily
available from third parties. So after having
talked to the bank, and looked at your own savings,
you decided to take the plunge, and just do it. You
now have to incorporate Aquasail officially, by
issuing shares. Thereafter you'll raise some money
from the bank. With that starting money Aqua
Sail will buy a nice building, and the land which
you already spotted. You have already contacted
suppliers, who are able to sell you the necessary
assembly lines immediately. How will all these
transactions affect Aquasail's cash situation, and its
balance sheet?